{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f4\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Mangal;}{\f5\fnil\fprq0\fcharset128 Mangal;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1040 Default;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\b\ab Strong Emphasis;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext17\sb240\sa120\keepn\hich\af3\dbch\af4\afs28\loch\f2\fs28 Heading;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext17\sb0\sa120 Text body;}
{\s18\sbasedon17\snext18\sb0\sa120\dbch\af5 List;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\sb120\sa120\noline\i\dbch\af5\afs24\ai\fs24 Caption;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\noline\dbch\af5 Index;}
}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment OpenOffice.org}{\vern3410}}\deftab709

{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default;}}
\formshade\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1040{\*\cs15\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
MARS ROVERS}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 \line \line A squad of robotic rovers are to be landed by NASA on a plateau on Mars. This plateau, which is curiously rectangular, must be navigated by the rovers so that their on-board cameras can get a complete view of the surrounding terrain to send back to Earth.\line \line A rover\'92s position and location is represented by a combination of x and y co-ordinates and a letter representing one of the four cardinal compass points. The plateau is divided up into a grid to simplify navigation. An example position might be 0, 0, N, which means the rover is in the bottom left corner and facing North.\line \line In order to control a rover, NASA sends a simple string of letters. The possible letters are \'91L\'92, \'91R\'92 and \'91M\'92. \'91L\'92 and \'91R\'92 makes the rover spin 90 degrees left or right respectively, without moving from its current spot. \'91M\'92 means move forward one grid point, and maintain the same heading.\line \line Assume that the square directly North from (x, y) is (x, y+1).\line \line INPUT: The first line of input is the upper-right coordinates of the plateau, the lower-left coordinates are assumed to be 0,0.\line \line The rest of the input is information pertaining to the rovers that have been deployed. Each rover has two lines of input. The first line gives the rover\'92s position, and the second line is a series of instructions telling the rover how to explore the plateau.\line \line The position is made up of two integers and a letter separated by spaces, corresponding to the x and y co-ordinates and the rover\'92s orientation.\line \line Each rover will be finished sequentially, which means that the second rover won\'92t start to move until the first one has finished moving.\line \line OUTPUT The output for each rover should be its final co-ordinates and heading.\line \line INPUT AND OUTPUT\line \line Test Input:\line 5 5\line 1 2 N\line LMLMLMLMM\line 3 3 E\line MMRMMRMRRM\line \line Expected Output:\line 1 3 N\line 5 1 E\line }
\par }